# courses codes

# HTML Course Youtube Links
Html Part 1 - Html Introduction, Elements and Attributes, Formatting Elements
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1-H00mkuTUc&list=PLblfiyrPpKeqYud9UzgspB7IQ3dG_CnOR&index=1

Html Part 2 - Lists, Links, Tables Informative
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B68r4bvcwvI&list=PLblfiyrPpKeqYud9UzgspB7IQ3dG_CnOR&index=2

Html Part 3 - Creating Forms in HTML
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UF0u7MeABmw&list=PLblfiyrPpKeqYud9UzgspB7IQ3dG_CnOR&index=3

Html Part 4 - HTML Forms with Radio, Checkbox, Dropdowns, File Upload and Buttons
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IoGquejrDqw&list=PLblfiyrPpKeqYud9UzgspB7IQ3dG_CnOR&index=4

Html Part 5 - Difference between HTML4 and HTML5, Semantic Elements, Media Objects
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=szPIn_Z8Opc&list=PLblfiyrPpKeqYud9UzgspB7IQ3dG_CnOR&index=5


# CSS Course Youtube Links
Css Part 1 - What is CSS? Usage of CSS? Different ways of Applying Styles to HTML Content Page
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r5vlZ_MRRNE&list=PLblfiyrPpKeot2LwoiZpl7AJxksZook59&index=1

Css Part 2 - Understanding About Colors in CSS, Commenting Usage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0RTloAyP_8o&list=PLblfiyrPpKeot2LwoiZpl7AJxksZook59&index=2

Css Part 3 - Custom Styling in CSS with CLASS and ID
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gidbioYUKA&list=PLblfiyrPpKeot2LwoiZpl7AJxksZook59&index=3

Css Part 4 - Creating a Blog Page in CSS - Horizontal, Vertical
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zx2IGmejUc8&list=PLblfiyrPpKeot2LwoiZpl7AJxksZook59&index=4

Css Part 5 - Understanding the Display and Position Properties in CSS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L7bnFnMraxY&list=PLblfiyrPpKeot2LwoiZpl7AJxksZook59&index=5

Css Part 6 - Creating Video Background Landing Page in CSS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zxuf7Epcadw&list=PLblfiyrPpKeot2LwoiZpl7AJxksZook59&index=6

Css Part 7 - Images and Buttons Simple Hovering / Animation Effects in CSS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qdGSm7KtlLs&list=PLblfiyrPpKeot2LwoiZpl7AJxksZook59&index=7

Css Part 8 - Creating Responsive GRID Column Layout (Pricing Table) in CSS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WU20sQRjg0U&list=PLblfiyrPpKeot2LwoiZpl7AJxksZook59&index=8

Css Part 9 - What is Block, Element and Modifier in CSS, and its Usage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-KjtUpqMGZw&list=PLblfiyrPpKeot2LwoiZpl7AJxksZook59&index=9

Css Part 10 - Responsive Portfolio Project in CSS with HTML - Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-g9_nbVxDBg&list=PLblfiyrPpKeot2LwoiZpl7AJxksZook59&index=10

Css Part 10 - Responsive Portfolio Project in CSS with HTML - Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PEmiNT7rUzQ&list=PLblfiyrPpKeot2LwoiZpl7AJxksZook59&index=11

Css Part 10 - Responsive Portfolio Project in CSS with HTML - Part 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysntFTHeRW8&list=PLblfiyrPpKeot2LwoiZpl7AJxksZook59&index=12

Css Part 10 - Responsive Portfolio Project in CSS with HTML - Part 4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fQjFaIwb1Hk&list=PLblfiyrPpKeot2LwoiZpl7AJxksZook59&index=13

Css Part 11 Advanced Techniques - FlexBox, KeyFrames, SVG, Hover Effects, Gradients and Text - Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pFsUA2pOEy4&list=PLblfiyrPpKeot2LwoiZpl7AJxksZook59&index=14

Css Part 11 Advanced Techniques - Masking (Linear & Radial), Responsive Grid, BG Repeat - Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_sr3Ad8AXeU&list=PLblfiyrPpKeot2LwoiZpl7AJxksZook59&index=15

Css Part 11 - Advanced Techniques - Logical Properties, Scroll, Shape Outside, Variable Fonts - Part 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R3n5XAPHPwc&list=PLblfiyrPpKeot2LwoiZpl7AJxksZook59&index=16

Css Part 11 - Advanced Techniques - SubGrids, Psuedo Classes and Elements, Minify Animation - Part 4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WjpqAQgbOUQ&list=PLblfiyrPpKeot2LwoiZpl7AJxksZook59&index=17


# JAVASCRIPT Course Youtube Links
Javascript Playlist:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cJgyZIiDoUc&list=PLblfiyrPpKeqBjcwigOL4aDTZS32kn6wj

Indexes wise:
1. Javascript - What is Javascript, Introduction, Data Types, Display Data
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cJgyZIiDoUc&list=PLblfiyrPpKeqBjcwigOL4aDTZS32kn6wj&index=1

2. Javascript - Comments, Identifiers, Keywords, Variables in Javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ERBPvWtGr-Y&list=PLblfiyrPpKeqBjcwigOL4aDTZS32kn6wj&index=2

3. Javascript - Operators in Javascript, Decision Making Statements, Loop Statements
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LhntyGDtgo4&list=PLblfiyrPpKeqBjcwigOL4aDTZS32kn6wj&index=3

4. Javascript - Loops and Arrays in Javascript, Javascript Functions Basics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RtvkzjX_Y_Q&list=PLblfiyrPpKeqBjcwigOL4aDTZS32kn6wj&index=4

5. Javascript - Javascript Functions, Passing Parameters, Return Statement, Anonymous, CallBack
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iXQkWMX-DxQ&list=PLblfiyrPpKeqBjcwigOL4aDTZS32kn6wj&index=5

6. Javascript - DOM Nodes, DOM Selectors, DOM Methods in Javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XQfOBIpf4RA&list=PLblfiyrPpKeqBjcwigOL4aDTZS32kn6wj&index=6

7. Javascript - DOM Selectors, Css Selectors, Styling the DOM, Get and Set Attributes in Javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-vRZ92tnpcg&list=PLblfiyrPpKeqBjcwigOL4aDTZS32kn6wj&index=7

8. Javascript - DOM Manipulation, Get and Set Methods, Html Elements Replace, DOM Navigation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=72szrcOL5oo&list=PLblfiyrPpKeqBjcwigOL4aDTZS32kn6wj&index=8

9. Javascript - Builtin Objects - Window, History, Navigator, Timers - setTimeout, setInterval
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NKAmqMzh4f4&list=PLblfiyrPpKeqBjcwigOL4aDTZS32kn6wj&index=9

10. Javascript - DateTime and Math Objects, Type Conversion, Event Listeners addEventListeners
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4T1-Zv1KCTk&list=PLblfiyrPpKeqBjcwigOL4aDTZS32kn6wj&index=10

11. Javascript - Event Capturing and Bubbling, preventDefault(), apply(), call(), Hoisting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kcxLIJJujDU&list=PLblfiyrPpKeqBjcwigOL4aDTZS32kn6wj&index=11

12. Javascript - Nested Functions, Closures, useStrict, Getter and Setter Functions, JSON
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sGxLvTmR87c&list=PLblfiyrPpKeqBjcwigOL4aDTZS32kn6wj&index=12

13. Javascript - What is Exception Handling try, catch, throw, finally, What is Regular Expressions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r2XcVh0c1bE&list=PLblfiyrPpKeqBjcwigOL4aDTZS32kn6wj&index=13

14. Javascript - Form Validation for Username, Email, Password using Regular Expressions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jm0TnhreFEo&list=PLblfiyrPpKeqBjcwigOL4aDTZS32kn6wj&index=14

15. Javascript - What is a Cookie, How to Set Cookies, What is Ajax and use in Javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OP5JEXWWIyI&list=PLblfiyrPpKeqBjcwigOL4aDTZS32kn6wj&index=15

16. Javascript - ECMAScript Features, Differences between Javascript and ECMAScript, Object Literals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jSBUdz-_fUw&list=PLblfiyrPpKeqBjcwigOL4aDTZS32kn6wj&index=16

17. Javascript - Class and Object, Inheritance, Rest Parameters, Spread Operators, DeStructuring
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dX7GMvS0j2k&list=PLblfiyrPpKeqBjcwigOL4aDTZS32kn6wj&index=17

18. Javascript - Symbols, Promise, resolve(), reject(), catch(), finally keywords and methods.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IlaavnDu5L0&list=PLblfiyrPpKeqBjcwigOL4aDTZS32kn6wj&index=18

19. Javascript - Promise, Async and Await with Promise, Iterators and Iterables in Javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MiTf2z1MZzE&list=PLblfiyrPpKeqBjcwigOL4aDTZS32kn6wj&index=19

20. Javascript - What is Generators, How to Declare Generators, Generators with Iterators, Throw Method
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QchSKv5izGA&list=PLblfiyrPpKeqBjcwigOL4aDTZS32kn6wj&index=20

21. Javascript - Explanation About Map, WeakMap, Set, WeakSet & It's Operations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7rUb70_SZQE&list=PLblfiyrPpKeqBjcwigOL4aDTZS32kn6wj&index=21